Who?
Linlin, what are you praising?
Linlin
I know I was wrong about the last date
But I was also coaxed by the bastard next door
Dangerous In fact, I only have you in my heart
Please leave now
Otherwise, I will call the police immediately.
No Lingling
Don't call the police.
It took me 30 million to keep it up
I wanted to meet you.
You have always been smart.
You should know that as long as you make one
You will eventually have yourself
Sooner or later
Lili
I love you I really love you
The things I do
In fact, I also want to help you live a better life
Really?
Then you went to the name in order to revive history
Later, with Mrs. Su I
It was you who divided Xiao's property
Even so
That doesn't affect the relationship between us
You steal barbecue
I swallowed my parents' breath
Yingzi is the murderer who forced them to death
Do you think it has any effect?
You are the girl of the Xiao family
To me
It's Xiao Ai
How could this be?
pass
Love you so much
Why did you go to that bastard Sarin?
Why is that?